=About

Mappable provides geo distance-based filters and distance calculation functionality for 
model. It requires the geokit gem and was heavily inspired by the 
{geokit-rails gem}[http://github.com/andre/geokit-rails].

==Install

Simply install it as any other gem:

  gem install sequel_mappable

Or when using bundler, add it got your Gemfile:

  gem sequel_mappable

This should also install the geokit gem.

==Quick Start

In your model:

  class User < Sequel::Model
    plugin :mappable
  end

In your migrations:

  class AddGeoDataToUser < Sequel::Migration
    def up
      alter_table :users do
        add_column :lng, Float
        add_column :lat, Float
      end
    end

    def down
      alter_table :users do
        drop_column :lng
        drop_column :lat
      end
    end
  end

Now add some records with valid geo data.

In your controller you can then do:

  def index
    users_near_to_me = User.f_origin(User[1], 10)
  end

==Filters

Please have a look at the source to get a full list of all available functionality.

==Todo

* Source documentation (rdoc)
* Source cleanup (no hardcoding of column names)
* Better support for :km, :miles, :sphere, :flat, etc.
* Tests

==Contributing

If you'd like to contribute a feature or bugfix: Thanks! To make sure your
fix/feature has a high chance of being included, please read the following
guidelines:

1. Fork the project.
2. Make your feature addition or bug fix.
3. Add tests for it. This is important so we don’t break anything in a future version unintentionally.
4. Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history. (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
5. Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.


